Team Name: Coffee Addicts

Members: Hanbyul Kim, Hyein An, Tayseer Abdelaziz

Emails: mimi0812@my.yorku.ca, hyein@my.yorku.ca, tayseer7@my.yorku.ca

Game Name: RPS(Rock Paper Scissors)
Choose a symbol by clicking an image of that symbol, and then display if you or the server won. Best out of 3 should be done (requires a counter variable on client side that counts these.

Description: Our game is Rock, paper, scissors. The iconic game for when a group needs to settle their differences. We are going to program a game that's groundbreaking with amazing features that are useful to the player. Players will be required to choose a symbol by clicking on an image with symbols: rock, paper, and scissors. The system will randomly select one symbol and when the election is over, the result of the round will be displayed. The player will play 3 rounds as the system will keep track of the counts. Whoever (The player or the system) wins the most rounds will be considered as a winner.

Features: Humans are very interactive. While playing our game, we are going to take advantage of the fact that there is a lot of screen real estate. We are going to display a government advertisement informing and educating the players about the virus covid-19 and the toll it takes on our society when people don't take precautions. We also are going to display the weather forcast for the week and any weather warnings.

How to play:
1. Press on the "START" button.
2. If you'd like to play against the computer, press "1 PLAYER" button. If you'd like to play against someone else, press "2 PLAYER".

For single player:
3. 'You' are shown on the left side of the screen while the 'Computer' is on the right side. Press on "ROCK", "PAPER", or "SCISSOR" icon, and the computer will also randomly choose one and battle 'You'.
4. A head banner will keep track of what the score is between the 'You' and the 'AI'. It will be displayed a (# vs. #) at the top of the page. 
5. Whoever reaches 3 wins will win, and the result will be displayed in the middle. The text, "YOU 1/COMPUTER WIN!" will be disaplayed accordingly to the result.
6. When done, you can press "BACK TO MENU" page and restart the game. (Goes back to step 1)

For two players:
3. Textboxes for inputting the names will be shown in the middle of the page. Please enter both players' names in order to continue. Once both names are inputted, press "STAR GAME".
4. 'PLAYER 1' are shown on the left side of the screen while the 'PLAYER 2' is on the right side. 'PLAYER 1' can click on keyboard button "A", "S", or "D", and 'PLAYER 2' can use the keyboard button "J", "K", or "L" to choose rock, paper, or scissor accordingly. Make sure that both players press the button at the same time!
5. A head banner will keep track of what the score is between the 'PLAYER 1' and the 'PLAYER 2'. It will be displayed a (# vs. #) at the top of the page. 
6. Whoever reaches 3 wins will win, and the result will be displayed in the middle. The text, "(PLAYER 1 NAME)/(PLAYER 2 NAME) WIN!" will be disaplayed accordingly to the result.
6. When done, you can press "BACK TO MENU" page and restart the game. (Goes back to step 1)